docs(ratatui-wireframe): Add `ratatui-wireframe` to widgets list (#344)
ratatui/awesome-ratatui: README.md

### 🧩 Widgets

> - [ratatui-wireframe](https://crates.io/crates/ratatui-wireframe) -  A simple, plug-and-play widget for ratatui that allows you to render and rotate 3D wireframe models in your terminal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ratatui-wireframe](https://crates.io/crates/ratatui-wireframe) -  A widget for rendering and rotating 3D wireframe models.
```
